
    
        
            
                Voices from Chernobyl
                The Oral History of a Nuclear Disaster
                
                    Svetlana Alexievich
                
                Keith Gessen
                On April 26, 1986, the worst nuclear reactor accident in 
                    history occurred in Chernobyl and contaminated as much as three quarters of Europe. 
                    Voices from Chernobyl is the first book to present personal accounts of the tragedy. 
                    Journalist Svetlana Alexievich interviewed hundreds of people affected by the meltdown---
                    from innocent citizens to firefighters to those called in to clean up the disaster---
                    and their stories reveal the fear, anger, and uncertainty with which they still live. 
                    Composed of interviews in monologue form, Voices from Chernobyl is a crucially important work, 
                    unforgettable in its emotional power and honesty.
                0312425848
                Picador
                História
                https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/7728207.Svetlana_Alexievich
                18
                22
                
                    9780671728687
                
            
            
                The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich
                A History of Nazi Germany
                
                    William L. Shirer
                
                Hitler boasted that The Third Reich would last a thousand years. It lasted only 12. But those 12 years contained some of the most catastrophic events Western civilization has ever known.
                    No other powerful empire ever bequeathed such mountains of evidence about its birth and destruction as the Third Reich. When the bitter war was over, and before the Nazis could destroy their files, the Allied demand for unconditional surrender produced an almost hour-by-hour record of the nightmare empire built by Adolph Hitler. This record included the testimony of Nazi leaders and of concentration camp inmates, the diaries of officials, transcripts of secret conferences, army orders, private letters—all the vast paperwork behind Hitler's drive to conquer the world.
                9780671728687
                SimonSchuster
                História
                https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/13360.William_L_Shirer
                5
                24
                
                    0312425848
                
            
        
    
    
        
            
                Imagine Wanting Only This
                A gorgeous graphic memoir about loss, love, and confronting grief
                
                    Kristen Radtke
                
                When Kristen Radtke was in college, the sudden death of a 
                    beloved uncle and the sight of an abandoned mining town after his funeral 
                    marked the beginning moments of a lifelong fascination with ruins and with people 
                    and places left behind. Over time, this fascination deepened until it triggered a 
                    journey around the world in search of ruined places. Now, in this genre-smashing 
                    graphic memoir, she leads us through deserted cities in the American Midwest, 
                    an Icelandic town buried in volcanic ash, islands in the Philippines, 
                    New York City, and the delicate passageways of the human heart. 
                    Along the way, we learn about her family and a rare genetic heart disease 
                    that has been passed down through generations, and revisit tragic events in America's past.
                    A narrative that is at once narrative and factual, historical and personal, Radtke's stunning 
                    illustrations and piercing text never shy away from the big questions: Why are we here, 
                    and what will we leave behind? 
                1101870834
                Pantheon Books
                Arte
                https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/14531568.Kristen_Radtke
                12
                16
                
                    125007150X
                    1681773236
                    0986381888
                
            
            
                The Most Beautiful Woman in Florence
                A Story of Botticelli
                
                    Alyssa Palombo
                
                A girl as beautiful as Simonetta Cattaneo never wants for marriage proposals in 15th Century Italy, but she jumps at the chance to marry Marco Vespucci. 
                    Marco is young, handsome and well-educated. Not to mention he is one of the powerful Medici family’s favored circle.
                    Even before her marriage with Marco is set, Simonetta is swept up into Lorenzo and Giuliano de’ Medici’s glittering circle of politicians, poets, artists, and philosophers. 
                    The men of Florence―most notably the rakish Giuliano de’ Medici―become enthralled with her beauty. That she is educated and an ardent reader of poetry makes her more desirable and fashionable still. 
                    But it is her acquaintance with a young painter, Sandro Botticelli, which strikes her heart most. Botticelli immediately invites Simonetta, 
                    newly proclaimed the most beautiful woman in Florence, to pose for him. As Simonetta learns to navigate her marriage, her place in Florentine society, and the politics of beauty and desire, 
                    she and Botticelli develop a passionate intimacy, one that leads to her immortalization in his masterpiece, The Birth of Venus.
                125007150X
                St. Martin's Griffin
                Arte
                https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/10803986.Alyssa_Palombo
                12
                10
                
                    0312425848
                    1681773236
                    0986381888
                
            
            
                The Icon Hunter
                One Woman's Quest to Repatriate Her Stolen Cultural Heritage
                
                    Tasoula Georgiou Hadjitofi
                
                Tasoula Hadjitofi was only a child when her homeland, Cyprus, was invaded. As bombs fell and soldiers marched through the streets, her mother stood guard, 
                    reminding her children to not be afraid?not of the bombs or anything else that may follow. They would always have their family and their faith. Soon thereafter, 
                    Tasoula found herself homeless and nation-less. A refugee.
                    Decades later, she's a successful entrepreneur and the Honorary Consul of Cyprus in The Netherlands . But family and faith have remained her touchstones?and she's never 
                    lost her longing for "home" or for the gorgeous Cypriot churches and their icons.  One day, a dubious art dealer offers her a chance to buy stolen sacred artifacts looted 
                    from Cyprus during the war. Icons hold a special place in the hearts of Orthodox Christians. They are not just masterpieces?they are artistic manifestations of faith and a gateway to the divine.
                    Outraged, Tasoula sets out on a quest to repatriate these artifacts. An immensely legally challenging and expensive undertaking, as provenance of icons are and other holy 
                    artifacts are easily manipulated by corrupt dealers and greedy auction houses.  Taking on these "merchants of God" will test Tasoula's fortitude and threaten her safety, 
                    yet she feels this mission is her calling.  In this book, she reveals her perilous road to “The Munich Case”?the largest art trafficking sting in European history since WWII?
                    which is filled with mind games, subterfuge, global politics, and as shady figure named Van Rijn, whose motives are never entirely clear...  
                    By turns heart-pounding and inspiring, The Icon Hunter is a powerful and gripping story that will resonate long after the final page.
                1681773236
                Pegasus Books
                Arte
                https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/15296658.Tasoula_Georgiou_Hadjitofi
                12
                14
                
                    0312425848
                    125007150X
                    0986381888
                
            
            
                Henry and the Chalk Dragon
                
                     Jennifer Trafton
                
                In the town of Squashbuckle, just about anything can happen, and when Henry Penwhistle draws a mighty Chalk Dragon on his door, 
                    the dragon does what Henry least expects--it runs away. Now Henry's art is out in the world for everyone to see, and it's causing trouble 
                    for him and his schoolmates Oscar and Jade. If they don't stop it, the entire town could be doomed! To vanquish the threat of a rampaging Chalk Dragon, 
                    Sir Henry Penwhistle, Knight of La Muncha Elementary School, is going to have to do more than just catch his art--he's going to have to let his imagination run wild.
                    And THAT takes bravery.
                0986381888
                Rabbit Room Press
                Arte
                https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/3413873.Jennifer_Trafton
                32
                14
                
                    0312425848
                    125007150X
                    1681773236
                
            
        
    
    
        
            
                Salt, Fat, Acid, Heat
                Mastering the Elements of Good Cooking
                
                    Samin Nosrat
                
                A visionary new master class in cooking that distills decades of professional 
                    experience into just four simple elements, from the woman declared “America’s next great cooking teacher” by Alice Waters.
                    In the tradition of The Joy of Cooking and How to Cook Everything comes Salt, Fat, Acid, Heat, an ambitious new approach to cooking 
                    by a major new culinary voice. Chef and writer Samin Nosrat has taught everyone from professional chefs to middle school kids 
                    to author Michael Pollan to cook using her revolutionary, yet simple, philosophy. Master the use of just four elements—Salt, 
                    which enhances flavor; Fat, which delivers flavor and generates texture; Acid, which balances flavor; and Heat, which ultimately 
                    determines the texture of food—and anything you cook will be delicious. By explaining the hows and whys of good cooking, Salt, Fat, Acid, 
                    Heat will teach and inspire a new generation of cooks how to confidently make better decisions in the kitchen and cook delicious meals with 
                    any ingredients, anywhere, at any time. Echoing Samin’s own journey from culinary novice to award-winning chef, Salt, Fat Acid, Heat immediately 
                    bridges the gap between home and professional kitchens. With charming narrative, illustrated walkthroughs, and a lighthearted approach to 
                    kitchen science, Samin demystifies the four elements of good cooking for everyone. Refer to the canon of 100 essential recipes—and dozens of 
                    variations—to put the lessons into practice and make bright, balanced vinaigrettes, perfectly caramelized roast vegetables, tender braised meats, 
                    and light, flaky pastry doughs. Featuring 150 illustrations and infographics that reveal an atlas to the world of flavor by renowned illustrator Wendy MacNaughton, Salt, Fat, 
                    Acid, Heat will be your compass in the kitchen. Destined to be a classic, it just might be the last cookbook you’ll ever need. 
                1476753830
                Simon Schuster
                Gastronomia e Vinho
                https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/15401886.Samin_Nosrat
                22
                12
                
                    0698195906
                
            
            
                Cork Dork
                A Wine-Fueled Adventure Among the Obsessive Sommeliers, Big Bottle Hunters, and Rogue Scientists Who Taught Me to Live for Taste.
                
                     Bianca Bosker
                
                For readers of Anthony Bourdain, Susan Orlean, and Mary Roach, a surprising, entertaining and hilarious journey through the world of wine
                    Like many of us, tech reporter Bianca Bosker saw wine as a way to unwind at the end of a long day, or a nice thing to have with dinner and that was about it. 
                    Until she stumbled on an alternate universe where taste reigned supreme, a world in which people could, after a single sip of wine, identify the grape 
                    it was made from, in what year, and where it was produced down to the exact location, within acres. Where she tasted wine, these people detected not only 
                    complex flavor profiles, but entire histories and geographies. Astounded by theirfanatical dedicationand seemingly superhuman sensory powers, Bosker abandoned 
                    her screen-centric life and set out to discover what drove their obsession, and whether she, too, could become a cork dork. Thus begins a year and a half long 
                    adventure that takes the reader inside elite tasting groups, exclusive New York City restaurants, a California winery that manipulates the flavor of its bottles 
                    with ingredients like Mega Purple, and even a neuroscientist s fMRI machine as Bosker attempts to answer the most nagging question of all: what s the big deal about wine? 
                    Funny, counterintuitive, and compulsively readable, "Cork Dork "illuminates not only the complex web of wine production and consumption, but how tasting better can change 
                    our brains and help us live better.-- ReadingBianca Bosker islikesitting down witha brilliant, curious friend for an after-work drink, and suddenlyfindingit s midnight and 
                    the table is littered with empty bottles. Between her hilarious exploits and thoughtful meditations on wine and life, you ll wanttostay forjust one more. Lauren Collins, author of "When In French"" 
                    In this delightfully written and keenly observed book, Bianca Boskertakesreaderson a year-long rompthroughthe realm of wine lovers, experts, cultists, sommeliers, and poseurs.Along the way, she helps 
                    us becomeconnoisseursnot only of wine but also ofpeoplewhose passions would more aptly be described as obsessions. 
                0698195906
                Penguin Books
                Gastronomia e Vinho
                https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/6507893.Bianca_Bosker
                12
                10
                
                    1476753830
                
            
        
    
    
                    
            
                At Attention
                
                    Annabeth Albert
                
                Lieutenant Apollo Floros can ace tactical training missions, but being a single dad to his twin daughters is more than he can handle. He needs live-in help, 
                    and he's lucky a friend's younger brother needs a place to stay. He's surprised to see Dylan all grown up with a college degree…and a college athlete's body. 
                    Apollo's widowed heart may still be broken, but Dylan has his blood heating up. It's been eight years since the teenage Dylan followed Apollo around like a 
                    lovesick puppy, and it's time he showed Lieutenant Hard-to-Please that he's all man now—an adult who's fully capable of choosing responsibility over lust. 
                    He can handle Apollo's muscular sex appeal, but Apollo the caring father? Dylan can't afford to fall for that guy. He's determined to hold out for someone who's 
                    able to love him back, not someone who only sees him as a kid brother. Apollo is shocked by the intensity of his attraction to Dylan. Maybe some no-strings summer 
                    fun will bring this former SEAL back to life. But the combination of scorching desire and warm affection is more than he'd expected, and the emotion between them 
                    scares him senseless. No fling lasts forever, and Apollo will need to decide what's more important—his past or his future—if he wants to keep Dylan in his life. 
                1-335-01344-X
                Carina Press 
                Erotismo e Sexualidade
                https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/6477494.Annabeth_Albert
                24
                9
                
                    9781579125745
                
            
            
                Delta of Venus
                
                    Anaïs Nin
                
                In Delta of Venus Anaïs Nin penned a lush, magical world where the characters of her imagination possess the most universal of desires and exceptional of talents. 
                    Among these provocative stories, a Hungarian adventurer seduces wealthy women then vanishes with their money; a veiled woman selects strangers from a chic restaurant for 
                    private trysts; and a Parisian hatmaker named Mathilde leaves her husband for the opium dens of Peru. Delta of Venus is an extraordinarily rich and exotic collection from
                    the master of erotic writing. 
                9781579125745
                Black Dog e Leventhal Publishers
                Erotismo e Sexualidade
                https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/7190.Ana_s_Nin
                31
                11
                
                    1-335-01344-X
                
            
        
    
    
                    
            
                Every Body Yoga
                Let Go of Fear. Get On the Mat. Love Your Body.
                
                    Jessamyn Stanley
                
                From the unforgettable teacher Jessamyn Stanley comes Every Body Yoga, a book that breaks all the stereotypes.
                    It’s a book of inspiration for beginners of all shapes and sizes: If Jessamyn could transcend these emotional and physical barriers, so can we.
                    It’s a book for readers already doing yoga, looking to refresh their practice or find new ways to stay motivated.
                    It’s a how-to book: Here are easy-to-follow directions to 50 basic yoga poses and 10 sequences to practice at home, all photographed in full color.
                    It’s a book that challenges the larger issues of body acceptance and the meaning of beauty.
                    Most of all, it’s a book that changes the paradigm, showing us that yoga isn’t about how one looks, but how one feels, with yoga sequences like 
                    “I Want to Energize My Spirit,” “I Need to Release Fear,” “I Want to Love Myself.”
                    Jessamyn Stanley, a yogi who breaks all the stereotypes, has built a life as an internationally recognized yoga teacher and award-winning Instagram 
                    star by combining a deep understanding for yoga with a willingness to share her personal struggles in a way that touches everyone who comes to know her. 
                    Now she brings her body-positive, emotionally uplifting approach to yoga in a book that will help every reader discover the power of yoga and how to weave  
                    it seamlessly into his or her life. 
                0761193111
                Workman Publishing Company
                Autoajuda
                https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/15401949.Jessamyn_Stanley
                20
                12
                
                    0761193111
                
            
            
                Awkward
                The Science of Why We're Socially Awkward and Why That's Awesome.
                
                    Ty Tashiro
                
                In the vein of Quiet and The Geeks Shall Inherit the Earth comes this illuminating look at what it means to be awkward—and how the same traits that 
                    make us socially anxious and cause embarrassing faux pas also provide the seeds for extraordinary success. As humans, we all need to belong. While modern 
                    social life can make even the best of us feel gawky, for roughly one in five of us, navigating its challenges is consistently overwhelming—an ongoing maze 
                    without an exit. Often unable to grasp social cues or master the skills and grace necessary for smooth interaction, we feel out of sync with those around us. 
                    Though individuals may recognize their awkward disposition, they rarely understand why they are like this—which makes it hard for them to know how to adjust their behavior.
                    Psychologist and interpersonal relationship expert Ty Tashiro knows what it’s like to be awkward. Growing up, he could do math in his head and memorize the earned run averages 
                    of every National League starting pitcher. But he couldn’t pour liquids without spilling and habitually forgot to bring his glove to Little League games. In Awkward, he unpacks 
                    decades of research into human intelligence, neuroscience, personality, and sociology to help us better understand this widely shared trait. He explores its nature vs. nurture origins, 
                    considers how the awkward view the world, and delivers a welcome counterintuitive message: the same characteristics that make people socially clumsy can be harnessed to produce remarkable achievements.
                    Interweaving the latest research with personal tales and real world examples, Awkward offers reassurance and provides valuable insights into how we can embrace our personal quirks 
                    and unique talents to harness our awesome potential—and more comfortably navigate our complex world. 
                0761193111
                William Morrow
                Autoajuda
                https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/7671077.Ty_Tashiro
                21
                14
                
                    0761193111
                
            
        
    
    
              
            
                All-Star Batman, Volume 1
                My Own Worst Enemy
                
                    Scott Snyder
                
                A part of DC Universe: Rebirth!
                    The #1 New York Times best-selling author of Batman returns to the Dark Knight in All-Star Batman, Volume 1: My Own Worst Enemy! But he's not alone. Critically acclaimed, legendary illustrator John Romita, Jr. joins him on this epic new series!
                    In this new graphic novel, Batman finds himself trying to help old friend Harvey Dent...now known as the villainous Two-Face! The Dark Knight accompanies his foe on a cross-country trip to fix his scarred face and hopefully end the Two-Face identity forever. But when the former Gotham City D.A. sets his plan into motion to free himself, what deadly secrets from the past will bubble to the surface?
                    One of the biggest creative pairings in DC Comics history share their take on one of the greatest heroes ever in All-Star Batman, Volume 1: My Own Worst Enemy! 
                1401269788
                DC Comics
                Banda Desenhada
                https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/70026.Scott_Snyder
                25
                18
                
                    1401268498
                
            
            
                Green Lanterns, Volume 2
                The Phantom Lantern
                
                    Sam Humphries
                
                A part of DC Universe: Rebirth! The Earth's protectors aren't the usual ringslingers the planet has come to know. 
                    Instead, it's two the most mismatched Green Lanterns ever: Jessica Cruz and Simon Baz. How can the two trust each other when 
                    they barely know one another, let alone like each other? 
                1401268498
                DC Comics
                Banda Desenhada
                https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/5819870.Sam_Humphries
                23
                13
                
                    1401269788
                
            
        
    
